# Ghimmohmoh App

Ghimmohmoh is a chatbot interface application built using Streamlit and OpenAI's API. This application provides an interactive chat interface where users can input prompts and receive responses generated by an AI model.

## Features

- Interactive chat interface
- AI-generated responses using OpenAI's API
- Displays chat history
- Supports system prompts for initial messages

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:raphaelkw/llm-chatbot.git
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:

   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Set up your OpenAI API key:
   - Add your OpenAI API key to the Streamlit secrets. Create a file named [`.streamlit/secrets.toml`](.streamlit/secrets.toml) and add the following:
     ```toml
     [secrets]
     OPENAI_API_KEY = "your_openai_api_key"
     ```

## Usage

Run the Streamlit app:

```sh
streamlit run src/ghimmohmoh_app.py
```

## Code Overview

The main application code is in [`ghimmohmoh_app.py`](/src/ghimmohmoh_app.py). Here's a brief overview of the key components:

- **Imports**: The necessary libraries are imported, including [`re`](../../../../.pyenv/versions/3.11.0/lib/python3.11/re/__init__.py), `openai`, `streamlit`, and a custom module [`prompts_ghimmohmoh`](src/prompts_ghimmohmoh.py).
- **Title**: The app title is set using `st.title`.
- **Chat History Initialization**: The chat messages history is initialized using `st.session_state`.
- **User Input**: The app captures user input using `st.chat_input` and appends it to the chat history.
- **Display Messages**: The existing chat messages are displayed using a loop, and if there are any results in the message, they are displayed as a dataframe.

## Customization

You can customize the system prompt by modifying the [`get_system_prompt`](src/prompts_ghimmohmoh.py) function in the [`prompts_ghimmohmoh`](src/prompts_ghimmohmoh.py) module.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request for any improvements or bug fixes.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License. See the [`LICENSE`](/LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further assistance. Enjoy chatting with Ghimmohmoh!
